Remove the client profiling special keys and update related documentations (#6884)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/api-version-upgrade-guide.rst

General
-------

> * Special keys ``\xff\xff/management/profiling/<client_txn_sample_rate|client_txn_size_limit>`` are removed in 7.2 and the functionality it provides is now covered by the global configuration module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Special keys ``\xff\xff/management/profiling/<client_txn_sample_rate|client_txn_size_limit>`` are removed in 7.2 and the functionality they provide is now covered by the global configuration module.
```

Author: Done.
